docs: add deprecation warning to top of readme (#46)
ipfs/npm-go-ipfs-dep: README.md

> # ⛔️ DEPRECATED: the `go-ipfs` module is a drop-in replacement for `go-ipfs-dep`, please use that instead

Reviewer: May be worth linking to the correct lib:

```suggestion
# ⛔️ DEPRECATED

The [`go-ipfs`](https://github.com/ipfs/npm-go-ipfs) module is a drop-in replacement, please use that instead

_This library will not be maintained._

----
```
